fix: video not rendering in website (#116)
kubesimplify/ksctl: website/docs/intro.md

- Local
    - kind cluster with specific version
- Civo

>     - have support for the managed and High Availability Cluster(_Custom_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - have support for the managed and Highly Available Cluster(_Custom_)
```

- Azure

>     - have support for the managed and High Availability Cluster(_Custom_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - have support for the managed and Highly Available Cluster(_Custom_)
```
